9/17 
Dowloaded and Installed Altium
  -Designed my Op Amp Design on Altium to make progress towards my Sub System Introduction Project
Finalized Conops report 
Met with Stavros to get clarificaiton regarding technical merit and scope of my subsystem. I finilized my plan of created a PCB that will take AC input from the wall and convertin git into DC to power the rest of the subsystems
Begun research on the rectifiers, transformers, and buck boost converts that I will need for my subsystem. Along with general research on the best way to implement what I need for my reqired subsayatem. 
9/24
Just about completed SubSystem Intro Project
Watched all canvas videos on altium started to better undertsand software
workson fsr, icd, vlaidation pla, timeliine
Starting parts list almost ready to start ording my parts
10/1 
Went to animal farm with sponsor to see where and how device will be mounted and used.
Worked on schematics and footprints for transformer, rectifier, and buck boost on altium. 
Finished fsr,icd,validation plan, execution plan, and creating midterm presentation.
Continued learning how to use altium and working on the design of my simulation to verify my design for power subsystem.
10/8
I have successfully completed all parts of my Altium subsystem introduction project, including a design rule check with no 
errors, and generated the necessary Gerber files. I have attached a video to this email  to demo this project to you in order
to receive full credit. Additionally, I created and finalized the symbols and footprints for the transformer and connector.
I broke my full design into sections and I have not begun working on the part where I am taking in the ac from the 
wall and converting it to dc. I’ve worked on the schematic for AC-DC conversion in Altium and also created a separate schematic
to simulate the design to verify. Progress of this will be shown in the attached video. 
Lastly I started a part list and figured out which power cord I will use to connect to the wall adn then wire it to my pcb
10/15
Continued working on altium deisgn for subsystem and simulation of subsystem to verify it works
10/22
completed schematics and pcb design fro subsyte,. completed all traces and passed desing rule check
